pokemonTree -9 -5 true
pokemonTree -9 -4 true
pokemonTree -9 -3 true
pokemonTree -9 -2 true
pokemonTree -9 -1 true
pokemonTree -9 0 true
pokemonTree -9 1 true
pokemonTree -9 2 true
pokemonTree -9 3 true
pokemonTree -9 4 true
pokemonTree -9 5 true
pokemonTree -9 6 true
pokemonTree -9 7 true
pokemonTree -8 -5 true
pokemonTree -8 -4 true
pokemonTree -8 -3 true
pokemonTree -8 -2 true
pokemonTree -8 -1 true
pokemonTree -8 0 true
pokemonTree -8 1 true
pokemonTree -8 2 true
pokemonTree -8 3 true
pokemonTree -8 4 true
pokemonTree -8 5 true
pokemonTree -8 6 true
pokemonTree -8 7 true
pokemonTree -7 -5 true
pokemonTree -7 -4 true
pokemonTree -7 -3 true
pokemonTree -7 -2 true
pokemonTree -7 -1 true
pokemonTree -7 0 true
pokemonTree -7 1 true
pokemonTree -7 2 true
pokemonTree -7 3 true
pokemonTree -7 4 true
pokemonTree -7 5 true
pokemonTree -7 6 true
pokemonTree -7 7 true
pokemonTree -6 -5 true
pokemonTree -6 -4 true
pokemonTree -6 -3 true
pokemonTree -6 -2 true
pokemonTree -6 -1 true
pokemonTree -6 0 true
pokemonTree -6 1 true
pokemonTree -6 2 true
pokemonTree -6 3 true
pokemonTree -6 4 true
pokemonTree -6 5 true
pokemonTree -6 6 true
pokemonTree -6 7 true
pokemonTree -5 -5 true
pokemonTree -5 -4 true
pokemonTree -5 -3 true
pokemonTree -5 -2 true
pokemonTree -5 -1 true
pokemonTree -5 0 true
pokemonTree -5 1 true
pokemonTree -5 2 true
pokemonTree -5 3 true
pokemonTree -5 4 true
pokemonTree -5 5 true
pokemonTree -5 6 true
pokemonTree -5 7 true
pokemonTree -4 -5 true
pokemonTree -4 -4 true
pokemonTree -4 -3 true
pokemonTree -4 -2 true
pokemonTree -4 -1 true
pokemonTree -4 0 true
pokemonTree -4 1 true
pokemonTree -4 2 true
pokemonTree -4 3 true
pokemonTree -4 4 true
pokemonTree -4 5 true
pokemonTree -4 6 true
pokemonTree -4 7 true
pokemonTree -3 -5 true
pokemonTree -3 -4 true
pokemonTree -3 -3 true
pokemonTree -3 -2 true
pokemonTree -3 -1 true
pokemonTree -3 0 true
pokemonTree -3 1 true
pokemonTree -3 2 true
pokemonTree -3 3 true
pokemonTree -3 4 true
pokemonTree -3 5 true
pokemonTree -3 6 true
pokemonTree -3 7 true
pokemonTree -2 3 true
pokemonTree -2 4 true
pokemonTree -2 5 true
pokemonTree -2 6 true
pokemonTree -2 7 true
pokemonTree -1 3 true
pokemonTree -1 4 true
pokemonTree -1 5 true
pokemonTree -1 6 true
pokemonTree -1 7 true
pokemonTree 0 3 true
pokemonTree 0 4 true
pokemonTree 0 5 true
pokemonTree 0 6 true
pokemonTree 0 7 true
pokemonTree 1 3 true
pokemonTree 1 4 true
pokemonTree 1 5 true
pokemonTree 1 6 true
pokemonTree 1 7 true
pokemonTree 2 3 true
pokemonTree 2 4 true
pokemonTree 2 5 true
pokemonTree 2 6 true
pokemonTree 2 7 true
pokemonTree 2 8 true
pokemonTree 2 9 true
pokemonTree 2 10 true
pokemonTree 2 11 true
pokemonTree 3 -5 true
pokemonTree 3 -4 true
pokemonTree 3 0 true
pokemonTree 3 1 true
pokemonTree 3 2 true
pokemonTree 3 3 true
pokemonTree 3 4 true
pokemonTree 3 5 true
pokemonTree 3 6 true
pokemonTree 3 7 true
pokemonTree 3 8 true
pokemonTree 3 9 true
pokemonTree 3 10 true
pokemonTree 3 11 true
pokemonTree 4 -5 true
pokemonTree 4 -4 true
pokemonTree 4 0 true
pokemonTree 4 1 true
pokemonTree 4 2 true
pokemonTree 4 3 true
pokemonTree 4 4 true
pokemonTree 4 5 true
pokemonTree 4 6 true
pokemonTree 4 7 true
pokemonTree 4 8 true
pokemonTree 4 9 true
pokemonTree 4 10 true
pokemonTree 4 11 true
pokemonTree 5 -5 true
pokemonTree 5 -4 true
pokemonTree 5 0 true
pokemonTree 5 1 true
pokemonTree 5 2 true
pokemonTree 5 3 true
pokemonTree 5 4 true
pokemonTree 5 5 true
pokemonTree 5 6 true
pokemonTree 5 7 true
pokemonTree 5 8 true
pokemonTree 5 9 true
pokemonTree 5 10 true
pokemonTree 5 11 true
pokemonTree 6 -5 true
pokemonTree 6 -4 true
pokemonTree 6 0 true
pokemonTree 6 1 true
pokemonTree 6 2 true
pokemonTree 6 3 true
pokemonTree 6 4 true
pokemonTree 6 5 true
pokemonTree 6 6 true
pokemonTree 6 7 true
pokemonTree 6 8 true
pokemonTree 6 9 true
pokemonTree 6 10 true
pokemonTree 6 11 true
pokemonTree 7 0 true
pokemonTree 7 1 true
pokemonTree 7 2 true
pokemonTree 7 3 true
pokemonTree 7 6 true
pokemonTree 7 7 true
pokemonTree 7 8 true
pokemonTree 7 9 true
pokemonTree 7 10 true
pokemonTree 7 11 true
pokemonTree 8 0 true
pokemonTree 8 1 true
pokemonTree 8 2 true
pokemonTree 8 3 true
pokemonTree 8 6 true
pokemonTree 8 7 true
pokemonTree 8 8 true
pokemonTree 8 9 true
pokemonTree 8 10 true
pokemonTree 8 11 true
pokemonTree 9 6 true
pokemonTree 9 7 true
pokemonTree 9 8 true
pokemonTree 9 9 true
pokemonTree 9 10 true
pokemonTree 9 11 true
pokemonTree 10 6 true
pokemonTree 10 7 true
pokemonTree 10 8 true
pokemonTree 10 9 true
pokemonTree 10 10 true
pokemonTree 10 11 true
pokemonTree 11 6 true
pokemonTree 11 7 true
pokemonTree 11 8 true
pokemonTree 11 9 true
pokemonTree 11 10 true
pokemonTree 11 11 true
pokemonTree 12 6 true
pokemonTree 12 7 true
pokemonTree 12 8 true
pokemonTree 12 9 true
pokemonTree 12 10 true
pokemonTree 12 11 true
pokemonTree 13 0 true
pokemonTree 13 1 true
pokemonTree 13 2 true
pokemonTree 13 3 true
pokemonTree 13 4 true
pokemonTree 13 5 true
pokemonTree 13 6 true
pokemonTree 13 7 true
pokemonTree 13 8 true
pokemonTree 13 9 true
pokemonTree 13 10 true
pokemonTree 13 11 true
pokemonTree 14 0 true
pokemonTree 14 1 true
pokemonTree 14 2 true
pokemonTree 14 3 true
pokemonTree 14 4 true
pokemonTree 14 5 true
pokemonTree 14 6 true
pokemonTree 14 7 true
pokemonTree 14 8 true
pokemonTree 14 9 true
pokemonTree 14 10 true
pokemonTree 14 11 true

